Success! SDL initialized.
Initializing SLD sound engine.
Success!
misc/vs_screen.png loaded
menu/sky.png loaded
menu/rosalila.png loaded
menu/boton1.png loaded
menu/boton1.png loaded
menu/rosalila_rayos.png loaded
menu/filtro.png loaded
menu/chan_balam.png loaded
menu/texto_enter.png loaded
Playing music: menu/audio/music.ogg
misc/vs_screen.png loaded
menu/fondo.png loaded
menu/boton1.png loaded
menu/boton2.png loaded
menu/boton1.png loaded
menu/boton2.png loaded
menu/boton1.png loaded
menu/boton2.png loaded
misc/vs_screen.png loaded
menu/fondo2.png loaded
chars/Shizune/portrait.png loaded
chars/Shizune/preview.png loaded
menu/selected_char_p1.png loaded
menu/locked_char_p1.png loaded
menu/locked_char_p2.png loaded
menu/selected_char_p2.png loaded
menu/no_portrait.png loaded
stages/TemploNocturno/images/preview.png loaded
stages/CastleSuzaku/images/preview.png loaded
